Hahahaha
Brother, I admire it.
You can easily take out so many medicines
Hey, are you anything special?
Hey, this, big brother
What about this medicine? I've given it all to you.
I don't have it for the time being.
Oh, don't get me wrong.
Coming to the dignified teacher will not take advantage of you
I took all the money you have.
Money is not a problem
Hahaha
Of course this is no problem. Uh, it will wait for two days.
I'll refine some more
Bring the money for the medicine
Not 200 bucks
This is enough
Ah!
Hahaha brother
I want to save people
It's so fucking bad-tempered
Is that so?
Let's just worship and follow my brother
I made you a brigade commander, but you don't like it
Hahaha, thank you for your kindness, big brother.
I don't want to participate yet.
We're at war.
It's a dangerous battle
I just need troop protection
Temporarily have no intention of entering Taishan
Is it okay?
Do you want to come that day and tell my brother?
OK
Bring me some wine!
Today, let's get drunk and rest
Hahaha dry
Oops fuck
It's boring to just drink
Just drink
Come on, big brother.
I toast you
I have to.
Dry, dry, dry.
Xiao Er
Have a glass of water, okay, guest officer
Your water
Three oceans
Please leave it here and wait for me.
Wait a minute.
You want three oceans for this glass of water
Xiao Er, where are you robbing? Here